Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: That looks awesome.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And, Gina, you're in Indiana.
Gina Knepp: Yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And Matt was in Ohio. So oh, and Matt
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: is everything in Ohio the same way.
Matthew Warner: Knowing.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Snowing, yeah. Snowing. Pretty much.
Matthew Warner: Yeah, we we got snow on the ground.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Everybody's gonna have a white Christmas.
Gina Knepp: And so.
Matthew Warner: Probably.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Maybe
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: in Kansas is not snowing. It is just very cold. It's just cold right now. So.
Matthew Warner: Right. I lived in Coffeeville for a few years.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Oh, really.
Matthew Warner: Hmm!
Matthew Warner: I always thought it was kind of morbid that they celebrate killing 4 people every year.
Gina Knepp: No.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Oh, yeah, they
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What is it? The I wanna say, Dalton gang? But I'm no what? What?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay? Okay.
Matthew Warner: It's the Dalton game.
Matthew Warner: So yeah, I mean, it was kind of morbid that they react that every year town that celebrates murder.
Matthew Warner: If you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: If you go up to Colorado they have a lot of those like
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: gunfights, those famous gunfights. They re reenact a lot of those and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Colorado and up into South Dakota as well, seems to be a a thing.
Matthew Warner: Right.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: All right. We're starting to get more people in here. Hi, Shannon.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and I think Stacy should be popping up here soon.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Alright. Well, I think we'll go.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Go ahead and get started at
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Shannon and Stacey. Are you able to turn on your cameras.
Stacey Ford: I'm trying. Can you hear me.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, I can hear you.
Stacey Ford: Oh, my, gosh, thank you. I've been trying to get get on here. So I yes.
Stacey Ford: I'm I'm looking right. Now. Start video, maybe hold on.
Stacey Ford: Typically, I don't have this problem. I'm so sorry. Okay, start my video. Okay, there you go.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: There you are! Hi, Stacey.
Stacey Ford: Hi.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And Hello, Shannon, are you? Are you driving, or just listening, or sitting? Passenger?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Shannon? Can you hear us? Okay.
Stacey Ford: But
Stacey Ford: oh!
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: If if you are driving
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: make sure you're safely participating.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: we don't want to see any wrecks or anything like that, but welcome everyone to our our 3rd
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and and final session. It's it's great to to see all of you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Let me make sure I'm
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: okay. I wanna make sure I can see all my boxes here last week. I
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: did not have all of my boxes showing up. Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: great to see all of you here for our our 3rd and final session. And just.
Stacey Ford: It's not.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Have someone start? How? How was everyone's week.
Stacey Ford: Shitty.
Gina Knepp: Mine was good.
Matthew Warner: Mine was okay. It was all right.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, let's start with our our goals and what we had talked about last week. And now.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: would you like to start? How was, and family game night you had mentioned.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: We had it.
Matthew Warner: Yeah, we had it. And we're gonna start every Friday.
Stacey Ford: Yay!
Matthew Warner: We're gonna have.
Stacey Ford: Yeah.
Matthew Warner: Dinner, and then we're gonna play games for a little while.
Stacey Ford: So.
Matthew Warner: It was. It was good.
Matthew Warner: We agree. We we laugh at each other more than we done anything at our age, right
Matthew Warner: and our age, trying to play a game.
Stacey Ford: Courses.
Stacey Ford: There, there's someone's
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Noise in the background.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I don't know if it's Gina or Stacy. If you're.
Stacey Ford: My thought is muted.
Gina Knepp: It shouldn't be me.
Matthew Warner: Frank, it's me I'm in the room with the door shut.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay, all right. Thanks, Stacy. Well, that's great to hear.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Matthew. So every Friday night is game night now.
Matthew Warner: Yes.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, and
Matthew Warner: We're gonna have dinner together and then play game.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And so who's all? Who's all involved in this.
Matthew Warner: Me and my woman and my dad and my stepmom
Matthew Warner: so far, what my sister and her son is going to try this week.
Matthew Warner: So, but it was. It was. It was great, you know. That's
Matthew Warner: one of the 1st times that we all
Matthew Warner: sit down and done anything together like that.
Matthew Warner: and and I have to attribute it to our sobriety
Matthew Warner: because we would have never done that.
Matthew Warner: Anything like that, you know.
Matthew Warner: So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, that's.
Matthew Warner: We just keep getting better and better.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Because the 1st time you connected was back Thanksgiving right?
Matthew Warner: Right.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Right.
Matthew Warner: That's the 1st holiday we spent. That we had anything to do with each other actually was, was Thanksgiving.
Matthew Warner: So it just keeps you getting better, you know I don't want to be.
Matthew Warner: I don't want to be a pessimist, but but
Matthew Warner: it it kind of scares me sometimes that things are going. Well, it's kind of like I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop, just to be honest sometimes.
Matthew Warner: Yeah, because I mean.
Matthew Warner: it can't be this easy, or maybe it can. I mean, this is all new to me at 50 years old. So
Matthew Warner: maybe it does get easier.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So what what other shoe are you afraid that? What are, what are.
Matthew Warner: Or just something, you know.
Matthew Warner: like just something bad. I don't know like it's been too good, and it's like the universe, you know. I am a pessimist. My woman says I'm a pessimist.
Matthew Warner: you know, because I look at the cuff empty most of the time, she says.
Matthew Warner: But if you, if if I expect everything the worst, then
Matthew Warner: anything that happens that then it's good, you know.
Matthew Warner: So you know, maybe that ain't a good way to be.
Matthew Warner: But or maybe things just are getting better, you know.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So did you all primarily interact around the game? Or did you have the chance to
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: talk about anything else, re-reflect about.
Matthew Warner: I'm just primarily the game.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Primarily the game we played trivial pursuit.
Matthew Warner: And and well, I hung my dad's Christmas lights, too, before the game.
Matthew Warner: and you know he's 75. My stepmom is is 68, I believe so.
Matthew Warner: You know
Matthew Warner: anything I can do for him, because, you know, this is the 1st time I've ever been sober
Matthew Warner: that I can remember since I was 15, you know.
Matthew Warner: Well, Matt, that's M.
Matthew Warner: Yeah.
Matthew Warner: I like it.
Matthew Warner: So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And congratulations.
Matthew Warner: I like it better than using drugs.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, congratulations!
Matthew Warner: I really do.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Matt.
Matthew Warner: Thank you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: That's a that's a that's a wonderful. That's a wonderful update that's gotta feel really good.
Matthew Warner: Yeah, it does. It does, really. And then to know we're gonna do it again day after tomorrow that that it it's
Matthew Warner: it's good. It's good.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Great capacity with it.
Matthew Warner: Thank you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You, Gina. We didn't hear from you or I. You weren't here last week, but
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: wanted to to connect and and see how everything's been going for you since we
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: saw you a couple of weeks ago. I know you were interested in reconnecting with your sister Janice.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Maybe I'm doing something related to that. How?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: How has that been going? How's everything been going with you?
Gina Knepp: At.
Gina Knepp: It's been. It's been going really. Well, I'm actually here now at my, we have kind of like what he he does every every Friday night thing ours is on Wednesday nights.
Gina Knepp: and we will have like we'll eat, eat, and then we'll play games and hang out for a while on Wednesdays.
Gina Knepp: So yeah, we I really connected with all of them.
Gina Knepp: and we've been I don't know.
Gina Knepp: I feel like I I'm closer
Gina Knepp: a little. I don't know. It's it's coming around.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So is this a new thing since we talked last.
Gina Knepp: Well, no!
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: He will.
Gina Knepp: Not not really not. Well, this I mean, everybody's kind of busy around holidays. So we haven't done it in a while. But
Gina Knepp: yeah, it's
Gina Knepp: I mean, it's usually every Wednesday night since I'm here, where I work here on Wednesdays, during the day.
Gina Knepp: out in the shop. So.
Gina Knepp: But it's not really that new new, but I mean.
Gina Knepp: maybe in the last year or 2.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So what looks different in your
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: if if we rewind 2 weeks ago and we were here today? What looks different for you, what?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What's.
Gina Knepp: Oh, my boyfriend, he's got a job
Gina Knepp: that so that there's something that is really different for me. I mean money coming in now, and
Gina Knepp: that's not like, well, we're getting along better, since we're not always together. So
Gina Knepp: that would be the main thing, looking different.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And you had mentioned during our our last time, together issues with anxiety. How?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: How is that? How has that been over the last couple of weeks?
Gina Knepp: Still pretty.
Gina Knepp: I still, I'm I still get anxiety pretty bad. I have twin boys at 2 years old, and a girl a little girl 3. So you can only imagine
Gina Knepp: how that is like every day. Well, just every day, just
Gina Knepp: like it's stressful. Some days, I mean, it's there's good that comes out of each day, of course, but
Gina Knepp: I know, like my I don't know. I get stressed out and fair enough.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Any as a result of the.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Is there anything I don't want to say negative. But any barriers that you're experiencing because of
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: your anxiety right now.
Gina Knepp: More. It'd be like more personal between me and my boyfriend. But
Gina Knepp: I don't know. Like sex issues. Maybe
Gina Knepp: the anxiety part like being able to be myself.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And and did you find you mentioned the game night specifically? Was there anything about that?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: That activity that was.
Stacey Ford: Different, or helped with.
Gina Knepp: That makes me.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Everybody.
Gina Knepp: I I don't know. Makes me. I'm I'm relaxed more relaxed after that. Usually.
Stacey Ford: M.
Gina Knepp: Like being around family like it brings me. It makes me more relaxed and less stressed and
Gina Knepp: loved. Maybe I guess I don't know.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: The city.
Stacey Ford: It's 2.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Successes or something that's went really well. Besides, your boyfriend getting a job like since we've connected last. Is there anything that pops up to the surface of something. That's
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: really? Well for you.
Stacey Ford: Less than 1,512.
Gina Knepp: No, not really.
Stacey Ford: That sounds good.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, well, we'll we'll talk about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: the purpose of today's meeting will be growing
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: beyond our our meetings here, and so we'll have the chance to
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: take a deeper dive to deeper. Dive into that in a little bit. Here, Gina.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: before they want to check in with the rest of the group.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Ravetra, how was? How was your week?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Oh, you're still on mute! There you go.
Ravettra Ford: There we go.
Ravettra Ford: Basically. My joints and everything started hurting me.
Ravettra Ford: As I I can't remember. I think I probably shared with you that my mom's
Ravettra Ford: boyfriend asked if I had gout, and I told him no, not that I had knowledge of. I only had
Ravettra Ford: my Lcl. Arthritis and my diabetic neuropathy, that I had
Ravettra Ford: my prescription drugs for which, with the osteoarthritis which I had doubling up on
Ravettra Ford: my prescription of the ibuprofen that I have been prescribed. So
Ravettra Ford: I basically my medically wise.
Ravettra Ford: I I was just discharged on last Tuesday.
Ravettra Ford: so I've been in a hospital and I haven't
Ravettra Ford: been able to. Well, I haven't gotten a follow up, I should say, with my medical provider, because.
Ravettra Ford: according to the receptionist who took my call. I expressed to her that my discharge nurse went over my paperwork with me, and expressed that
Ravettra Ford: I needed to get in to see my medical provider. In one week
Ravettra Ford: she expressed that their policy they don't do one week they do 2,
Ravettra Ford: so therefore I don't go in to see my medical provider until the 6th T.
Ravettra Ford: However, I did express to them that the medication, since they diagnosed me with gout.
Ravettra Ford: I was going to be totally out. I didn't have any refills. So what they did was went ahead and wrote me enough of a prescription to extend so I could have that, at least until they were able to see me for my upcoming visit, and I wouldn't be in the excruciating pain.
Ravettra Ford: the unbearable pain.
Ravettra Ford: So my hand
Ravettra Ford: it like really like, swelled up to what like I, my mom and I call like the nutty Professor Hand. I'm not for sure you've seen that movie or not. So it's very. It's still tender to the touch. I can't
Ravettra Ford: bow my hand, my fingers up 2 of this.
Ravettra Ford: and I can't really like grasp
Ravettra Ford: much. If anything, I try to my doctors say the more that I do the better that it will get eventually get stronger.
Ravettra Ford: Before I left the hospital.
Ravettra Ford: The doctors were saying they were going to try to get an occupational therapist to come by.
Ravettra Ford: However, I don't know what happened with that part of the process, because no one ever showed up.
Ravettra Ford: So I suppose maybe I'll ask my medical provider
Ravettra Ford: once I am seen by him on Monday, the 16, th so.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Were you able to? I I know, when we visited about this last week, you were trying to
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: essentially get back to taking the prescription.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: like it was prescribed. Is that right?
Ravettra Ford: And okay. Yes, I will say that
Ravettra Ford: I'm proud of myself. I haven't been doubling up as it is prescribed.
Ravettra Ford: so that is the best of mine.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And have there been any?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What? What's been the outcome of that.
Ravettra Ford: I'm still
Ravettra Ford: I want to say that.
Ravettra Ford: I'm proud of myself for that.
Ravettra Ford: However, I'm still experiencing the pain with the gout, because I know that any type of drug has
Ravettra Ford: it's time to work with this, and within your system it has to get equally balanced, I should say.
Ravettra Ford: with like all of your other medications, and your bodily systems and organs, and everything and all of that has to work together. It takes some time.
Ravettra Ford: So I know that it's gonna take some time. So
Ravettra Ford: I'm I'm just being patient about it.
Ravettra Ford: It makes me want to start doing it again. But I'm not.
Ravettra Ford: I'm just holding steady, holding strong keeping with the way that all of my
Ravettra Ford: directions are as prescribed as my doctors have it on the bottle and just leaving it like that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Do you have any resources or support that you've been able to turn to to help you in this time until you can see your doctor
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: on the 16.th
Ravettra Ford: I do. I talk to my mom daily.
Ravettra Ford: She and I are really close. We're like sisters.
Ravettra Ford: and also I talk. I talk to my children
Ravettra Ford: daily as well joke around with them.
Ravettra Ford: So and I have a friend that I talked to.
Ravettra Ford: but everyone pretty much kind of check on me to ask me, how how am I doing?
Ravettra Ford: As far as that is concerned, the thing about it?
Ravettra Ford: Not all of them. They didn't know
Ravettra Ford: my mom. She was probably the only one
Ravettra Ford: that knew that I was doubling up
Ravettra Ford: on the medication on the profan. That prescription they didn't know per se, but they really, but they would check on me just
Ravettra Ford: overall to see how I was doing health wise in my recovery process.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, as we put a PIN in that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: as we're catching up with Stacy and Shannon here,
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: be thinking about some long term, longer plans and growth as we.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: We move from here today. But before we do that, Stacy or
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Shannon, would you like to go next?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Give us an update on how your week went.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Go ahead, Stacey.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: There you go.
Stacey Ford: Can you hear me?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yes.
Stacey Ford: Hi! Hi!
Stacey Ford: Hello, everybody!
Stacey Ford: I'm actually
Stacey Ford: had a really crappy week, but also a lot of good through it. And it depends. If what
Stacey Ford: you know the the priority
Stacey Ford: goal or whatnot being me and my daughter, or whatnot, or me and my brother.
Stacey Ford: my brother is sitting at home. He his life was saved, and he's home from the hospital. So that makes me very happy.
Stacey Ford: They did find out the diagnosis that it was, and I could send it to you. It's very interesting. And had he not made it to the hospital that night, he would have passed because the it would have invaded his diaphragm, and then paralysis and death within
Stacey Ford: powers.
Stacey Ford: So with that being said
Stacey Ford: I've just been trying, you know, catching up with my family and my my girlfriends. A little bit to the point where I I am
Stacey Ford: letting everyone know my what my plan is, and what I am focusing on. And I haven't. I have really. I honestly haven't done much, and I feel horrible.
Stacey Ford: But I'm I'm in that direction.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Were there.
Stacey Ford: And.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Were there any bright spots I know you mentioned wanting to carve some time away for for yourself, and that might be through
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: going to church with your sister, or.
Stacey Ford: My
Stacey Ford: my sister is actually driving to Missouri. I'm in Chicago right now, currently, and excuse me. So we did not go to church. But yes, I did speak to her, and of course we are. And when so I I'm gonna miss the sessions, I really am. And I'm gonna miss hearing everyone else's
Stacey Ford: stuff going on in their lives. And
Stacey Ford: I really am.
Stacey Ford: But yes, I I spoke to my excuse me. My brother, who is home from the hospital now, which that's
Stacey Ford: that's 3 to 4 h we could talk minimum. I mean
Stacey Ford: but everything right now is great. And and I'm gonna see y'all.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What are what are some ways that you took care of yourself throughout the week.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: that you've had some time just to focus on you.
Stacey Ford: Okay.
Stacey Ford: I have nothing to complain about right there, I mean, honestly, truly, and not
Stacey Ford: I'm already. I spoiled myself already. I I
Stacey Ford: I just right now. I don't have. I can't do that right now. I can't.
Stacey Ford: I can't and I'm gonna be back in Florida. I'm I'm looking
Stacey Ford: I do not have an Illinois driver's license.
Stacey Ford: and I do have a Florida, but I am looking to
Stacey Ford: drive back with my belongings and my 2 little Pomeranians, and into my beautiful hermit on the beach footage which I already have
Stacey Ford: in the next month, and I'm working on that, too, as well. So
Stacey Ford: what I'm doing for myself is all those things. And talking to other people? I actually have a psychiatrist that
Stacey Ford: I don't know if I mentioned that or not a few weeks ago. Excuse me, here's something. Here's a great resource to record, or let other people that might be in the Jacksonville, Jacksonville, Florida area. It's called Mass Muslims.
Stacey Ford: American Muslim, American Social Services,
Stacey Ford: and I can send you the email and the street address and all that. But they provide health care for anybody, with no insurance under insurance or
Stacey Ford: no insurance, one or the other, and they are trying to get back to our country for allowing that us to have them here
Stacey Ford: and again, I can provide all the information regarding the phone number, and that's they. It blows my mind. They have taken care of me.
Stacey Ford: And they still are. They're doing it all through zoom appointments. And they just gave me a psychiatrist
Stacey Ford: and and they're just trying to get back to our country.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: When was the last time you met with your psychiatrist?
Stacey Ford: Yesterday yesterday
Stacey Ford: yesterday, and then I suppose it was 2 weeks ago. They're setting me up with them, and the mental care and whatnot
Stacey Ford: and I have nothing but great positive things to say about that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, that that sounds great, Stacy. It sounds like you had a positive week.
Stacey Ford: In that regard. So that's good.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Again. We'll talk about those longer range plans here in a little bit. But before we do that, Shannon, how was? How was your week.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Can you talk? Okay.
Stacey Ford: That day.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You're still on mute, I know, on a cell phone. Sometimes it's hard. There you go.
Shannon: Alright, yeah. Sorry about that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: How was your week?
Shannon: It's been,
Shannon: It's okay. I guess I'm, alive, but I don't know,
Shannon: really, i've just been kind of busy like so packing up things and my
Shannon: or our new tenant that we
Shannon: we decided to let stay with us. She's like
Shannon: crazy, and it's just like a big mistake that we ever let her move in. So it's kinda
Shannon: difficult with that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So one thing we had talked about last week is
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Maybe you reaching or trying to find some additional support, whether
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: whatever that looked like for you. How did how did that.
Shannon: Well, I didn't really get a chance to do the do much of that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Are, are you okay?
Shannon: Yeah, I'm fine.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay, are are you driving right now?
Shannon: No, I'm I'm in the passenger side.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay? Alright. So so you're in a safe environment to talk.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, yeah, okay,
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So what about any any bright spots this week?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Were there there any bright spots for you?
Shannon: No, not really.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Unfortunately.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: How? How are you feeling right now?
Shannon: I'm I'm doing okay. I I feel fine. Still.
Shannon: heck! I don't really know what to say.
Shannon: Oh, I'm sorry. I I don't wanna say.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay, all right. Well, we're gonna
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I have a question. I understand, Shannon, that you don't know what to say. But is there anything that.
Stacey Ford: Is any of us could do to help you? Is there something that anyone could do to help you? For, for example, me like, what is. Can I help you? I don't know where you're located or whatnot.
Stacey Ford: but I'm very resourceful. I know a lot of people, and
Stacey Ford: I'm curious. If you need help then.
Stacey Ford: Yeah, I don't know your location and whatnot, but.
Shannon: Yeah, I live. I live in Tennessee.
Stacey Ford: There you go!
Shannon: I I don't. Let's see, I'm sorry I it's just kind of hard for me to talk in the car. I really wanted to
Shannon: stop by and speak, go over to my mother-in-law's house and
Shannon: and talk. It's just kind of has me to talk so. But.
Stacey Ford: Doing, great.
Shannon: But if let's see.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And Stacey raises.
Shannon: You know I appreciate your.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, Stacey actually has that. That's a really good question, like, what
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: what do you need right now? What?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What are your?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What are your needs?
Shannon: Well, like everything. My life is just crazy right now.
Shannon: It's just
Shannon: I've just been like, really stressed out, especially yesterday, I think, and today.
Shannon: but I think I'm doing a little bit better now.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Are you going to be in an in an environment where you are safe?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And and supported is
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: okay. You're back on mute mute again.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Shannon, you're on mute again.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Shannon, are you able to.
Shannon: I'm sorry. My! My phone is
Shannon: yeah. Can you hear me now?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, I can hear we can hear you now. Are.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: are you? Are you safe right now?
Shannon: Yeah, I'm I'm safe. I'm just a
Shannon: my phone just keeps like dropping a meeting.
Shannon: Okay? So I apologize for that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: That's okay. We're. We're going to transition into talking about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: our growth beyond these meetings and what that looks like for us individually, Shannon. If you
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: need to reach out to Lena or I individually, please
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: feel free to do that. Okay.
Shannon: Okay. Thank you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: All right. So we're going to transition this conversation into
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: our plans beyond today. So the goals that we've been working on and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and what that might look like if we were to get together 3 months from now, where would we be? What would we? What would we look like? What would we be doing?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And so I just want to open.
Stacey Ford: Sort of that scenario up to all of you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What does growth look like from here? As we move forward from today?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What does that look like? Specifically for you? And anyone can start.
Matthew Warner: Minus sobriety.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Matthew Warner: And know that I have one day at a time. So I'm not planning that far ahead. But but in 3 months from now I wanna have that
Matthew Warner: still be able to say that if we was to talk that I'm still sober
Matthew Warner: and I'm still drug free, you know. That's my ultimate goal, my long term goal.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Now you started some really neat, short term ideas, game, night being
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: a big, short term step, reconnecting with family
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: any other any other thoughts. Matt, on.
Stacey Ford: Any other experiments that you might try.
Matthew Warner: I really don't know right yet. I mean there's only
Matthew Warner: I would like to get my sister involved more and and help her if I could.
Matthew Warner: My main goal is just not honestly, is just me and my girl, and what we can do from here.
Matthew Warner: I would like actually, to tell you the truth, I would like to be moved away from where I'm at
Matthew Warner: in 3 months from now, and and us buy a house.
Stacey Ford: So we'll start working on that versus double check.
Matthew Warner: You know.
Matthew Warner: Baby steps.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So
Matthew Warner: But.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Talk, about.
Matthew Warner: 100.
Matthew Warner: Go ahead!
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Now, what type of besides the
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: the really strong environment you're creating with your your parents and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: your significant other, what? What's the environment like outside of that.
Matthew Warner: We really don't talk about anybody. We talk to anybody else. So
Matthew Warner: I really don't have no environment outside of that, just to be honest.
Matthew Warner: Well, I'd like to get out of this house I live in because of
Matthew Warner: the landlord won't do anything to it, nothing at all.
Matthew Warner: and I don't know what to do about that, and
Matthew Warner: other than the fact that they would make us move. And it's it's right close to Christmas.
Matthew Warner: and but that has to change for me, I mean.
Matthew Warner: cause I'm tired of doing it all, you know, and and nothing
Matthew Warner: happening like we lost power in the front 2 bedrooms
Matthew Warner: there last week. I really thought the house was going to catch fire
Matthew Warner: the beginning of the week, so.
Matthew Warner: and I can't get her to do anything.
Matthew Warner: and and it it just sucks, you know.
Matthew Warner: That's the only drawback I have right now.
Matthew Warner: So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So.
Matthew Warner: I know that, you know. Go ahead.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Oh, I was just going to ask, how hard is it to to move to a different environment? Is that and a thing you can do fairly easily, or is that something that would take a little time.
Matthew Warner: It would take some time to be honest.
Matthew Warner: I'm waiting on my truck to get out of the shop
Matthew Warner: so I can get back to work, and it's hard because I'm self employed
Matthew Warner: to do anything over over Thanksgiving and Christmas, you know, and and the New Year. Nobody really wants you working on their house over that time, you know, they got family coming and stuff.
Matthew Warner: So this is the slow season for me, and it always is so it will be
Matthew Warner: into January before we can do anything. Really.
Matthew Warner: We're looking at a couple of places
Matthew Warner: to buy I'm trying to get set up with. The there's a program here in the State of Ohio that that
Matthew Warner: does the down payment for you.
Matthew Warner: And and I'm trying to figure that out and get that done which would be great.
Matthew Warner: So that's where I'm at. With that
Matthew Warner: that would be the only thing that would make me happier than I am
Matthew Warner: would be for us to get out of this place where we live, and and even if we just rented another place
Matthew Warner: until we could get a place ball would be wonderful for me, so.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So you mentioned sobriety connections with family, and and finding a new place to live.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Any any idea on which one comes first.st
Matthew Warner: It's sobriety by far, by far, because without the sobriety nothing else will, nothing else will transpire. Period.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And azure.
Matthew Warner: One day at a time.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And as it relates to your support system.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: talk to us a little bit about that. What does that look like for you? That ongoing support.
Matthew Warner: Well, you know I got I got a psychiatrist that I see once a month
Matthew Warner: I got MAT. Doctor that I see every 28 days for my brixoty shot.
Matthew Warner: and that helps
Matthew Warner: Then, emotionally, I got my family that we're working on.
Matthew Warner: So I got all the support there that I need. You know
Matthew Warner: it's just me to make it happen and still believe in myself, you know, and not lose sight of my ultimate goal.
Matthew Warner: And it's it's as an addict of 30, 35 years being 50 years old, you know. It's
Matthew Warner: it's a lot easier to say it than it is to do it.
Matthew Warner: Now you put it like that, and it is, you know, close cause.
Matthew Warner: It just is saying it and doing it is 2 different things, you know. So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: For the for the rest of you here. Any
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: advice or or thoughts, as you
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: hear Matt talk about his goals.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Stacy put in the chat I I heard of that. I will find out more info and forward on Stacy. What were you referring to
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: with that?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: It's hard for everybody to find the mute and unmute button today.
Matthew Warner: Yes.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: It doesn't always.
Matthew Warner: Wondering if I was losing service.
Matthew Warner: That call for the snow.
Stacey Ford: Yeah, I think I'm unmuted now. Maybe.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Now there you are! Now.
Stacey Ford: I have a touch screen so I can touch it. So if I'm going like that
Stacey Ford: I don't recall the second. No, I feel terrible. But
Stacey Ford: there is. Oh, oh, there is help! Help in Ohio! That's what I was thinking of, something that you were talking about looking into. I I did recently hear about that. I am because I'm in Chicago, Illinois. Currently.
Stacey Ford: Right now. Not not.
Stacey Ford: Well, I don't know. I'm a snowbird up here. Does that make any sense but
Stacey Ford: There is help there, and and you are correct. What you wanted to look into, Matt.
Stacey Ford: I will send that to you because I did read a news article and and heard about what yours, what your
Stacey Ford: talking about, so I can pass that forward to you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah. Feel free.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Feel free to share that in the chat. Stacy.
Stacey Ford: Not just, Matt, but I mean to the group or.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah.
Stacey Ford: Not.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Feel free to share that link.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Also, I I want all of you to know that you'll
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: even past, even though this is our final session today you'll still have access to Grove, and so you can still communicate with one another and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and talk with talk with each other. If you'd like and share resources. So just know that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: that won't end after today.
Matthew Warner: Okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So any anything else, Matt, as you, as you look toward toward the future.
Matthew Warner: That's my main goals, if I can make. If that if that happens, then I think everything else will come pretty easy from there, I mean.
Matthew Warner: I really do. I believe that wholeheartedly.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Indeed any.
Matthew Warner: So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Any fear, any fears that you have.
Matthew Warner: Just a relapse. That's the only fear I have.
Matthew Warner: and and I don't want to. You know I've made up my mind that I'm done.
Matthew Warner: But you know that monster's every time you let your guard down, it seems like you know.
Matthew Warner: and that's just honesty.
Matthew Warner: So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And azure. Do you have those?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Do you have that?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I guess, and and I'll I'll use the word scaffolding and and scaffolding supports is another.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: But do you, in the event that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: something triggers you or you? You think about that? Do you have the scaffolding or supports to help you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, that is.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And that's with your phone.
Matthew Warner: Yes, I do.
Matthew Warner: Yes, with my family and my psychiatrist, and my regular and my position.
Matthew Warner: You know my physician and my my primary care physician and my psychiatrist. I got through the rehab that I just graduated from.
Matthew Warner: and they understand it, and if it gets too bad they got, you know they have resources for me.
Matthew Warner: and they're there, and I know they're there. So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay.
Matthew Warner: And and
Matthew Warner: I I think I I believe that I can do it. You know I believe in myself. But, like I said, I take it one day at a time.
Matthew Warner: so.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, well, thanks, Matt.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Anyone else any
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: As as Matt moves forward with this, with this journey, any advice or or strategies that you'd like to share.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and Gina will be back here in a moment. She is, she just sent a message that she's fixing her kids a plate to eat, and then she will be back here in a second
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Revetra, or or Stacy, where? What is?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: If we were to connect? If I were to see you at the.
Stacey Ford: Stuff.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Coffee shop, or shopping, or whatever 3 months from now, what would what would that look like?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What would be.
Stacey Ford: Well, I surely hope it's gonna be down in like Key West or in Florida. I mean, I'm not joking, because that's 3 3 months. I'm I'm thinking, less than a month. And I have a plan right now. I've got a roommate that is acceptable of my 2 little Pomeranian dogs. And
Stacey Ford: I'm gonna walk them on the beach every sunrise and every sunset my 2 little dogs. And I'm gonna make money remotely working from home. And my goal is that to strengthen myself? That's been my life goal. Live in Florida, and I've lived there.
Stacey Ford: and I've had all that. But I've never utilized it. I've always done everything for everybody else. So in in not even 3 months. But I'd say one and a half to 2 months is I'm gonna be so happy living life. I've always wanted to live and it's only a couple of hurdles I have to jump over, and that's it.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So so name those hurdles. What are the the hurdles you? You're referring to?
Stacey Ford: Okay, so I do not have a driver's license. I do. Well, I do. It's
Stacey Ford: you don't have time for this. But I do in Florida and any other State but Illinois.
Stacey Ford: Florida. I walk into the Zmv. They will hand that to me, so that's 1 hurdle is me getting myself my 2 dogs and my belongings back down to Florida.
Stacey Ford: That's a huge hurdle, but it makes more sense, you know. I mean I if I'm I'm thinking, fly down to Florida. It's like I've been thinking. This
Stacey Ford: Illinois finally released the hole for 10 years. I've not been able to drive for 10 years.
Stacey Ford: and I completed everything in the 1st 6 months in Florida but Illinois. I know I never came back to Illinois, regarding
Stacey Ford: that it was just back and forth like tennis. And and this is not what the groups about. But anyway, so walking to me get my driver license there. So that's a hurdle.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah. So hurdle one is the getting a driver's license so you can get back to Florida is hurdle.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And what's what's hurdle 2.
Stacey Ford: Well, I have my 2 dogs that if I didn't have 2 little dogs it won't be so difficult. I could jump on a plane. Go there, get my license to come back, but I don't have the help to with my dogs.
Stacey Ford: So that's a big hurdle.
Stacey Ford: Do you mean? What is another goal?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: No, you you just mentioned a couple of hurdles, so I was just clarifying
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: what? Those were. So getting your driver's license, and then getting the dogs down to.
Stacey Ford: Getting back to Florida. I'm I'm it's it's it is so cold here it's ridiculously cold. I don't want to be here. I mean, I have, you know, a roommate, and that I can move in and live on the ocean, on the beach, and with my dogs, and be happy. And that's my goal. Short term, long term.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Is there? So I so did. Did you leave your license down in Florida, or.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Or you need a new one.
Stacey Ford: I need to get it in in Florida. I need to either have somebody watch my dogs. Now fly down there, get my license walk in the Dmv. It's Illinois released the hold off of it, but I signed it off saying I wasn't moving back to Illinois, and I'm not.
Stacey Ford: And that happened while all this was happening with my brother
Stacey Ford: in less 3 3 months. Well, since July. Yes.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So how close are you? You may have mentioned this. I'm sorry if I missed it. But, how how close are you to getting your license there in Illinois.
Stacey Ford: Illinois, they say I'm done, they'll give it to me, but I have to. Do. Sr. 22 proof or whatnot, and whatever they need me to do when I don't have a vehicle
Stacey Ford: to get insurance to go into the Dmv. And then
Stacey Ford: but yes, Illinois, it's they.
Stacey Ford: I'm not revoked. I'm not suspended. Nothing, and I and I should have never done any of it, and I did complete. I had a dui, and I completed it.
Stacey Ford: But during when that happened to me, that was
Stacey Ford: when my mother had a fatal accident and she passed my dad. And so we're going from 2,000. And was it, you know, around 12?
Stacey Ford: So that's where we come into the 10 year period.
Stacey Ford: And it was it was more. I I just ubered everywhere and let it go. And I didn't want to battle. I'm in Florida, Illinois is a problem. Illinois is a problem not Florida. Florida has no problem with me, Florida. Give it to me.
Stacey Ford: totally. Give it to me, the Safety Council. I am. They know me by my middle name and
Stacey Ford: and I have nothing on my driving record nothing except the Dui, and it's horrible what I went through. But I did, and I'm over it. And now I'm
Stacey Ford: I'm that's the hurdle that I have is to get me and my dogs my belongings down there to Florida in the next month to have a house or apartment there, on the beach, or or near.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: so this goal of getting back to Florida, that's an achievable one. It sounds like you'll be able to to do that.
Stacey Ford: Yes.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Okay. So once, once you're down there in Florida, how does
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: how do things change for you? What what looks different?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Besides, the geographic landscape.
Stacey Ford: The sun shines every day. I'm happy. I wake up, and I thank the Lord about just like how blessed I am. That's what I've done throughout the years.
Stacey Ford: and since I've been here in Chicago I miserable, miserable. I mean, we got great food that's about it.
Stacey Ford: And yeah, you know, I mean, I could have the same relationships with people on Facebook
Stacey Ford: as I do here.
Stacey Ford: You know I there's no reason for me to. I I don't like anything about it here at all.
Stacey Ford: And my brother is okay. Now, thank God
Stacey Ford: and I'm I feel like my job is done, and I feel like I need to now focus on myself, get back to Florida and wake up every day and smile and be happy because I'm not here at all.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Florida. It sounds like it. It's upcoming, but it'll be a little bit. How do you take care of yourself? In the meantime.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: like what are some things that that you can do to.
Stacey Ford: Well, in the meantime, I'm I'm kind of minimizing. I'm I'm I have a lot of clothes and separating you know, donating and keeping and giving away type stuff, splitting them up. And and then, you know, you're packing them set to tighten them up small.
Stacey Ford: And so I'm minimizing and then going back? And
Stacey Ford: I don't know. I mean, what do you mean? How am I taking care of myself?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Like? What are? What are you doing for you are, are there.
Stacey Ford: I am reading this book. It's called
Stacey Ford: Salty Piece of Land, Jimmy Buffett and
Stacey Ford: this there! There is a guy that you know that
Stacey Ford: my sister knew very well down in Jacksonville, and he is kind of like Mayor of Jacksonville. Everyone knows him, but anyways he he actually happened to be the last person that ever spoken spoke to my sister when she went missing, she went missing from Key West with that being said, is that my friend Wally that's his name, had called my sister, spoken to her and told her to read this book
Stacey Ford: and encouraged her to, and I've been curious about it. Wally just contacted me, and I'm like Wally, what is the name of that book? I want to read the book. So this is the book, and I'm going to read it.
Stacey Ford: And she was the
Stacey Ford: I love Jimmy Buffett, who does not love Jimmy Jimmy Buffett. But our friend Wally was last one that spoke to my sister, and this is what their conversation was. So I want to read this book.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What about your your supports like your support system there in Chicago versus your support system in in Florida? What? What does that look like?
Stacey Ford: Oh, gosh! I have it nationwide if I want it, I don't utilize it.
Stacey Ford: I don't. I do the healthcare system because I need it.
Stacey Ford: But I, my girlfriends, are my best friend. Best, best friends that I talk to daily are in
Stacey Ford: Texas, Florida, Nevada, you know Wisconsin.
Stacey Ford: and they are like speed dials, speed dials. And unfortunately, I have not been speaking to anyone for
Stacey Ford: the last 6 months. I'm just kind of feeling dead just, I'm just numb. I'm just
Stacey Ford: done and sick of it all. That's how I feel.
Stacey Ford: And so I'm
Stacey Ford: and it's so cold. And for me to use my phone, which I have Xfinity Internet and
Stacey Ford: T-mobile and Verizon. And I'm not in the mountains or whatever for me to use my phone. I have to get dressed up and go outside to use my phone because the
Stacey Ford: the phone signal and it's ridiculous.
Stacey Ford: I mean, we have great Wi-fi and whatnot. But regarding like my telephone service to talk to my girlfriend. It'd be easier to text, and it might go through in a day or whatever, and I'm not even in the mountains, or you know.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So similar to to Matt. You're looking at environment change.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Are looking forward forward to that for any of you, Revetra, or I think, Gina?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: She was on for 2 seconds, and I think she jumped off again.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Matt, or Rebecca or Revetra, as you're listening to to Stacey any any thoughts or
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: strategies come to mind that you could offer her.
Ravettra Ford: For me physical fitness. And also I just get the hurdle of the driver's license.
Ravettra Ford: Thing. I felt like I was in like a twilight zone of stuck on
Ravettra Ford: learners permit because I couldn't ever get a road skills test scheduled. And finally.
Ravettra Ford: they have what's called a walk in Wednesday.
Ravettra Ford: so I had to have a license driver with me at our Department of Homeland Security here. So it's my mom. We had to ride like Super early, because the line could wrap
Ravettra Ford: around the building like really swiftly.
Ravettra Ford: So with that being said, we got up there early. It was approximately 7 other people in front of me.
Ravettra Ford: So it was like Yay, because I have been trying since April
Ravettra Ford: of this year of trying to call trying to go online
Ravettra Ford: would to no end. I could get anything scheduled. So the walk in Wednesday worked out for me, even though
Ravettra Ford: we had to go up there at 4 Am. And they didn't even open until 8 am. So now I do have my driver's license, and I'm able
Ravettra Ford: to. I'm in the market now of trying to
Ravettra Ford: secure an automobile because I've been ubering and lifting everywhere. So I'll be able to go
Ravettra Ford: to the gym. Physical fitness. My yoga mat came in today that I ordered from Amazon.
Ravettra Ford: So 3 months from now I can see myself being is go physically fit again
Ravettra Ford: because they've been just drafting out of my account.
Ravettra Ford: Planet fitness like monthly. And I I haven't been utilizing my membership at all, because
Ravettra Ford: you know, I've been in pain
Ravettra Ford: so 3 months. That's a goal of mine
Ravettra Ford: to be in the gym physically fit.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Roberta, you just you just described a a scenario where? You combined that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: physical fitness and getting a driver's license, which I think is really really cool. Stacy did.
Ravettra Ford: Exactly.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Stacey, as you heard that. Was there anything that resonated with you that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: might be able to help speed up that process for you?
Stacey Ford: For me. It's it's already happened. All I have to do is step my foot into the land of Florida and walk into Dmv. And there's my license.
Stacey Ford: that's it. But I have 2 little tiny dogs, and I'm I can't fly with both of them and my blind. So that's where it comes into me. Moving with them, or I can't even let anyone watch them. They're they're little people. They're not just dogs.
Stacey Ford: So what resonates with me is, I totally
Stacey Ford: understand and relate to all that. Yes.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Do you have any any friends, or.
Matthew Warner: I understand the dog thing because I have one. Her name's pumpkin Pie, and she's half Maltese and half Chihuahua.
Matthew Warner: and and she's a person.
Matthew Warner: I take her everywhere I go.
Stacey Ford: And everyone probably loves her.
Matthew Warner: Yeah, she's mean. She's Chihuahua, and she'll bite you. She bites everybody, but she's she's 9 pounds of fury.
Matthew Warner: That's what I say. All the time.
Matthew Warner: She's cute as a button, but she's mean, and but I I guess I'm gonna get papers
Matthew Warner: for her service dog papers for emotional support.
Matthew Warner: So that way I can take them. You know. They can ride. She can ride with me anywhere. I go.
Stacey Ford: That's really interesting.
Matthew Warner: Wanna look into that.
Stacey Ford: That's really easy, and I will forward that information, too, as well.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Is is that is that something you can do, Stacy, can you.
Stacey Ford: Yes, yes, because I I've already looked into that. And yes, absolutely
Stacey Ford: I am so deep into the knowledge regarding having a social dog? Yes, so how long?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: How long does that process take to from start
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: to finish to get that done?
Stacey Ford: A couple of weeks, just maybe less.
Stacey Ford: Want to.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Matt, is that how long it took for you.
Matthew Warner: I haven't done it yet. I don't know. I haven't even looked into it.
Matthew Warner: I took her. I I took her into a
Matthew Warner: one of my appointments that I had, and and they said that I couldn't bring her in, and then I told him, Well, if she can't come, I can't come.
Matthew Warner: And they said, Well, you gotta get papers for so
Matthew Warner: I left, and I haven't looked into it yet. It didn't go no further.
Matthew Warner: Okay, I think I don't know if it costs money or not.
Matthew Warner: But it's something I'm going to look into.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And and Stacy, what prevents you from taking the dogs on an airplane?
Stacey Ford: With everything that I own, and them and myself, and living a lot. That's a lot of work, I mean my dogs. I have anxiety. I don't want to fly my! My dogs. That would be insane.
Stacey Ford: and.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So it's not. It's not just a matter of going home. All of your stuff is there, too?
Stacey Ford: Correct.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So all of your all of your belongings are in Chicago.
Stacey Ford: Correct, correct. But you know now that you brought that up, I mean, and I'm open minded. I could fly with them.
Stacey Ford: I'm I'm going there, and I'm getting my my place in the next 6 weeks or whatnot.
Stacey Ford: So I'm trying to figure out a solution with that. And I don't know.
Stacey Ford: I don't know.
Stacey Ford: Do you wanna meet him? You guys wanna meet him, Abby? Abby.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, we're always always happy to to see pets on the screen. That's always a good thing.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Ravetra. When you you were you were talking. You were providing some advice for
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Stacy, but you were also. You also mentioned
Stacey Ford: Something that if we were to look long, term.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: That you were interested in. What does that? What does that look like for you? If we were to
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: reconnect somewhere, and I would see you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What does that look like for you? Specifically, Revetra.
Ravettra Ford: It's ironic that I know I I'm not for sure if Stacy was born and raised in Florida.
Ravettra Ford: But Florida, is a place where
Ravettra Ford: my daughter she actually went to school. There she attended embry Riddle, aeronautical University in Daytona Beach, Florida, and
Ravettra Ford: it took us like each day after we were just supposed to drop her off like, set her up in her dormitory room and leave after we set her up. But
Ravettra Ford: it had a beach there, of course.
Ravettra Ford: so each day we would call downstairs and tell them we would extend. We wanted another night.
Ravettra Ford: Then the next night it became another night and the next night, and so it was became ridiculous to like, Okay, so we gotta stop this. We gotta go ahead and get back to Memphis.
Ravettra Ford: But we fell in love with Florida. I get it about with the weather, so I'm thinking, like
Ravettra Ford: the relocation idea when she's talking about it.
Ravettra Ford: It would be a bit much. But I'm I'm gonna be so happy for her and her pets, and she getting her things and everything, and her place
Ravettra Ford: and getting settled in, so to speak, and I know it's a process
Ravettra Ford: like anything else, and it takes time
Ravettra Ford: and patience like the steps that I did so ping me and reconnecting
Ravettra Ford: like you said in a coffee shop.
Ravettra Ford: I I want to think and believe in success, seeing it happen.
Stacey Ford: So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What does continued growth look like for you or Metro, then are you? Are you relocating to Florida, too, or is is that your plan, or what? What is your
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: what? What are you thinking about?
Ravettra Ford: Well, not within the next 3 months per se.
Ravettra Ford: I was thinking more so. My, that was my plan, for, like within the next 3 to 5 years. Not the next 3 months. Definitely. Not the hurricanes kinda like scared that off. They kind of my timeline out for sure.
Ravettra Ford: With that he kind of scared me out on that.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So what? So what have been your thoughts about continued growth like what? What does that?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What does that look like for you?
Ravettra Ford: Okay. So in regards to my health, wise being physically fit
Ravettra Ford: the most difficult part for me.
Ravettra Ford: It's like getting started.
Ravettra Ford: However, once I get started on my physical fitness.
Ravettra Ford: I'm like military style on myself, and
Ravettra Ford: when I don't get to go, or if something comes up, it's like I feel totally bad about it. And I'm gonna have
Ravettra Ford: I tried my what? Best to make it up as soon as possible, even if it's not like
Ravettra Ford: my exact structure, schedule length.
Stacey Ford: Fine.
Ravettra Ford: Let's say what I mean by that. Let's say I have 45 min scheduled.
Ravettra Ford: However, something comes up, and I'm not able to do the entire 45 min
Ravettra Ford: if I can just go in and get 15 to 20 min in. Then I'm satisfied with that. But if I can't get anything in. Then. I
Ravettra Ford: would tend to feel really bad and
Ravettra Ford: upset with myself when I can't.
Ravettra Ford: Once I'm in it.
Ravettra Ford: I'm totally committed to my physical fitness plan.
Ravettra Ford: So that's what continued growth looks like for me. And I I take photographs of my progress.
Ravettra Ford: I keep a food log of what I'm eating.
Ravettra Ford: I
Ravettra Ford: Also I'll weigh myself.
Ravettra Ford: Not daily, but I'll do it weekly to see how that looks.
Stacey Ford: And.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: That was my next question is,
Ravettra Ford: Me!
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: How do you? How do you measure your progress?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What? Where are you not at right now, as it relates to your to your physical activity?
Ravettra Ford: I'm not there right now, because I'm trying to. Basically figure out well, I'm trying to get my pain
Ravettra Ford: level to where it's tolerable. And of course.
Ravettra Ford: all of this time I was basically experiencing gout.
Ravettra Ford: But I didn't have knowledge of that. What it was on top of
Ravettra Ford: my osteoarthritis and my diabetic neuropathy.
Ravettra Ford: However, now, since I have a medical diagnosis for it, and I have the medication for it.
Ravettra Ford: and now in my body, and I know my treatment plan. I have a treatment plan for it.
Ravettra Ford: Moving forward, I feel like I can be a success.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, well, just to do a a quick recap when I
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: if I were to see you in 3 months, Matt will be
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: relocated to a different place, and still and practicing sobriety.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Stacy is skipping on the beach in Florida with her Omiranians.
Stacey Ford: Yeah.
Ravettra Ford: Cool.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: With 2 Pomeranians and.
Stacey Ford: And live in there and live in there and and working remotely. So I'm gonna make big bucks while I'm doing this. And I'm not. This isn't just some fairy tale. This is my lifestyle and my and watch.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah.
Stacey Ford: Check, back in.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, and then and then, Revetra, you'll be you'll be physically active. You'll.
Ravettra Ford: Yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Tell us about all your you'll be pulling out your journal and showing us all your successes. Successes. There.
Ravettra Ford: Yes.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Those sound like some great long range plans.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So we're going to start wrapping up here and.
Stacey Ford: And one.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: One way that we wrap up this session. These sessions is really talking about
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: what you learned, and if there was
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: something you heard from someone in this group particularly. That's on. Now that really stuck with you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I just. I did receive a note that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: that Shannon is in the car for a while longer, and will not be able to to reconnect that way. And then Gina said.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: she is tending to her kids. So that's causing some interruptions, but, like I mentioned before.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: you all have access to Grove, and so you can all communicate via that as well, and and get each other's contacts.
Stacey Ford: That's a question. That's a question. Is that gonna remain up? I mean, okay.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yes, that will remain available.
Stacey Ford: I mean I I can't say I've used it, but people may need to use it.
Matthew Warner: Yeah.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: What was that, Matt?
Matthew Warner: Can you send it to me again? The link to that? Where? Where would I find it?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Lena, would you mind sending that just saying that, resending the link to the group again.
Lena Graziani: Yeah, I can send it in the chat. And then I can. Also, I was gonna send it in like a follow up email. Anyways. So.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Fantastic.
Lena Graziani: Yeah.
Stacey Ford: She doesn't.
Stacey Ford: She did. She did.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: So yeah, what? As we leave here today, what was something that really
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: stuck with you, and something that really resonated with you?
Stacey Ford: With you, Travis.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Oh, no! With with actually with let's stick. Let's stick with us here in the group here.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Matt, Stacey and Ravetra, what did you? What did you learn Stacy from
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: from them over the last few weeks?
Stacey Ford: I mean, I I'm gonna miss you guys, I mean the few people that are still here. I mean, last week we had a few more, and like Charles and whatnot, and I'm actually enjoying y'all like I it's not something I'm like. Oh, I gotta log on. I enjoy it. And and Matt, I'm so proud of you. And so super duper proud of you like.
Stacey Ford: so
Stacey Ford: I am not one. I'm not hitting that anybody ever period. But you are the world at your hands, and you you want it, and you can grasp it. You already got it. You're that far. It's easy now. I am very proud of you
Stacey Ford: and Ravisha. You got the same last name as me. How could I not love you? Come on, and you are beautiful. And your goals are simple. They're simple, and I'm going to be in Florida, so I can help you any way that I'm able to. I will help you.
Stacey Ford: And then who else can I talk to? Lena? Lena is? She's never around. But thank you, Lena, for being part and doing what you do. I do appreciate you.
Lena Graziani: Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Lena.
Stacey Ford: This is.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Kansas terms is sort of the the wizard behind the curtain, making all of all of this work. So
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Matt or Avetra.
Ravettra Ford: I'm so proud of you. I love family. I love that
Ravettra Ford: been able to connect with your family.
Ravettra Ford: For me, like Co. When they were like when Covid came. It was like we would all would always meet at my grandmother's, since she, my grandmother's 90,
Ravettra Ford: so like we would always bring everything to her. Like
Ravettra Ford: all the birthdays, all the celebrations, job promotions, everything would. All the celebrations will come to grandmothers. So when Covid came they was like, Okay, so we can't have large gatherings anymore. It made us really sad.
Ravettra Ford: So when family comes, that's something really big for us. So for you to be able to reconnect with your family, and you all are doing game, time, and all of that. That is so special. I'm so happy for you.
Ravettra Ford: and.
Matthew Warner: Thank you.
Stacey Ford: I want to send an Amazon gift card.
Ravettra Ford: Stacy, your brother, who's gonna be caring for your brother when you leave to go.
Ravettra Ford: return to Florida. Is he going with you?
Stacey Ford: No, no, I'm going on my own.
Ravettra Ford: Okay, but you got he's settled, and everything like you said your work is done. There.
Stacey Ford: My work is done. He's very stubborn, very. Doesn't want me here, you know, and doesn't, and and he's good, and I'll always be there for him, but he doesn't need me. So I'm gonna continue on like Dorothy and the Wizard, and I'm just Gonna go to my yellow bit road and
Stacey Ford: go take care of myself. And I'm gonna get this phone call whether you know I have a lot. I had 11 siblings.
Stacey Ford: We're family, and you know, and and that's what family does. So this kind of like
Stacey Ford: little time out for, I guess for myself. But I'm gonna I'm gonna find my happiness.
Ravettra Ford: You are, you are, you will be successful, and you will overcome all of your obstacles and your hurdles. You will. It's a process.
Ravettra Ford: Just believe in it.
Ravettra Ford: Have patience and faith and your hard work. You will be successful.
Stacey Ford: I I am my mother. My mother has passed, and everybody says, Hi! My mother! And my mother does everything for everyone, and that's all that I've done my whole life as well. But and I will still continue to do that. But yeah, I'm I'm ready. I'm happy, and I wanna I want to see what you got going on, girl, and you, too, Matt
Stacey Ford: Intro, is, and Lina.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And thank you, Stacy and Matt. What really connected with you.
Matthew Warner: I wanna say that that it's easier.
Matthew Warner: There's people like me in the world, you know, and and that no matter how bad. I think my problems are. There's other people going through problems of their own.
Matthew Warner: you know, and I I don't feel as alienated as I did before I started this, you know that there's people out there just like me.
Ravettra Ford: Right.
Matthew Warner: So
Matthew Warner: that's that's what I got out of it. And what resonated with me more than anything was was that there's
Matthew Warner: folks going through stuff just like I am, you know.
Matthew Warner: Then I want to thank you all for.
Stacey Ford: So I'm so sorry
Stacey Ford: I have. I have. I have a problem of talking a lot, and I'm trying not to. But it's like I feel like if I don't say it, then you're not gonna hear it. And I I Travis, I think it'd be nice if you know the grove app could be open for socially to be able to communicate. Because we, you know, as a small group or whatnot like that, I think it would be great, or maybe helpful.
Stacey Ford: perhaps, for Matthew. Maybe not. And if Matthew says No, or you know, says no or whatnot, and and Shann, I worry about her, and and the other girls too. So it and you did say it is going to be up and live, and whatnot. I think I think that would be great.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And Lena will send out resend the link as well. So you'll be getting that along with some
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: other information. And and and with that
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: since we're on the subject, Lena, did you have any
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: last things that you wanted to say related to that.
Lena Graziani: I don't think so. I include quite a lot of information in the email.
Lena Graziani: and I also ask if anyone
Lena Graziani: like for me to share, like their contact information with everyone.
Stacey Ford: I have no problem.
Lena Graziani: Touch that way which.
Ravettra Ford: I'm open. That's fine.
Matthew Warner: Yeah, me, too. That's cool.
Lena Graziani: You know.
Lena Graziani: awesome. Yeah, yeah. So because that's probably just like an easier way to keep in touch. If you guys are interested. So I just wanted to put that out there.
Stacey Ford: Yes, I'm
Stacey Ford: I I checked that box. I am saying that now I know we're being recorded. I have no absolutely 0 problem. With that that'd be wonderful, actually, as far as anyone contacting me.
Stacey Ford: I.
Ravettra Ford: Yeah, I'm available.
Lena Graziani: Awesome me, too.
Ravettra Ford: Available for support. Yes.
Stacey Ford: Me, too, as well.
Stacey Ford: Yeah, I'm sure that box.
Lena Graziani: Appreciate that.
Stacey Ford: And I am. I am actually quite resourceful. So between you 2, Matt and you.
Stacey Ford: I'm sorry if I'm mispronouncing your name. I apologize.
Ravettra Ford: Oh, is that? Okay.
Stacey Ford: That's so.
Ravettra Ford: Okay. And likewise here I'm a really good listener and I'm here. I'm available
Ravettra Ford: and resourceful, as you have said, as well.
Stacey Ford: Yeah, I mean, I don't mind sharing my phone all in.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, what?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Well, with that I I hope you all can remain connected.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Via Grove after today and again
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Lena will get all that information to you. If you don't have it already. But anything else before we.
Stacey Ford: Where we?
Stacey Ford: I have a question, what? What is your plan, Travis?
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: My my plan right now is so I
Stacey Ford: A lot of grant applications. I I do a lot of.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Work, and and we do a lot of initiatives
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: related to early childhood and public health. And so right now, I'm I'm sort of hyper focused on that.
Stacey Ford: It's always.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Throughout the the end of this year, but
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I think we can all learn from each other. I think all of the strategies that you've all outlined are
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: are really all things that we can. We can look at. We all need to
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: take care of ourselves and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: focus on our self care, and we all need to have support systems and and scaffolding in place, because we.
Stacey Ford: And always put that mask on yourself first.st
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Yeah, always.
Stacey Ford: That mask on yourself first.st
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: You all will be able to be flight attendants after this session, because of that alone. So
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: I appreciate the question, though, Stacy, and
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: and appreciate all of you, and wish all of you the best of luck. But
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: if there's a if you need anything, you all you all should have my email in your inboxes. So feel free to
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: email me connect through Grove whatever that looks like for you.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: And we can.
Matthew Warner: Connect to the the right.
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: The right person or resource, so.
Stacey Ford: Well, I think I appreciate you and Lena, too, as well, and the whole group.
Ravettra Ford: Yes.
Matthew Warner: You, too. Merry Christmas! Everybody!
Travis Rickford - LiveWell Northwest Kansas: Alright! Have a great holiday season, and take care. Goodbye, everyone.
Matthew Warner: Bye.